# RoutingGlobalConfig

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**logical_uplink_mtu** | **int** | This is the global default MTU for all the logical uplinks in a NSX domain. Currently logical uplink MTU can only be set globally and applies to the entire NSX domain. There is no option to override this value at transport zone level or transport node level. If this value is not set, the default value of 1500 will be used. | [optional] [default to 1500]
**vdr_mac_nested** | **str** | This is the global default MAC address for all VDRs in all transport nodes in a NSX system nested in another NSX system. All transport zones in such a nested NSX system will have the \&quot;nested_nsx\&quot; property being true so that all transport nodes will use this MAC for the VDR ports to avoid conflict with the VDR MAC in the outer NSX system. When the property \&quot;allow_changing_vdr_mac_in_use\&quot; is false, it can not be changed if the current VDR MAC is being used by any transport node in a nested NSX environment. A transport node uses this VDR MAC if any host switch in the node is in an OVERLAY transport zone whose \&quot;nested_nsx\&quot; property is true. | [optional] [default to '02:50:56:56:44:53']
**allow_changing_vdr_mac_in_use** | **bool** | When this flag is set to true, it is allowed to change the VDR MAC being used by existing transport nodes in a NSX system. The VDR MAC used by a host switch in a transport node is decided by the OVERLAY transport zone(s) which the host switch joins. If any of the OVERLAY transport zone(s) has \&quot;nested_nsx\&quot; property being true, the MAC in \&quot;vdr_mac_nested\&quot; is used; otherwise the MAC in \&quot;vdr_mac\&quot; is used. Thus the VDR MAC being used by a host switch in a transport node can be changed in below ways. If the host switch is not in any OVERLAY transport zone whose \&quot;nested_nsx\&quot; property is true but is in an OVERLAY transport zone, the first way is updating the \&quot;vdr_mac\&quot; property. The 2nd way is updating one of the OVERLAY tranport zones joined by the host switch to set \&quot;nested_nsx\&quot; property true which will make the host switch use the VDR MAC in \&quot;vdr_mac_nested\&quot;. The third way is directly updating the transport node to add an OVERLAY transport zone whose \&quot;nested_nsx\&quot; property is true into the host switch which will also make the host switch use the VDR MAC in \&quot;vdr_mac_nested\&quot;. If the host switch is in some OVERLAY transport zone(s) whose \&quot;nested_nsx\&quot; property is true, the first way is updating the \&quot;vdr_mac_nested\&quot; property. The 2nd way is updating all those OVERLAY tranport zones to set \&quot;nested_nsx\&quot; property false which will make the host switch use the VDR MAC in \&quot;vdr_mac\&quot;. The third way is directly updating the transport node to remove all those OVERLAY transport zones from the host switch which will also make the host switch use the VDR MAC in \&quot;vdr_mac\&quot;. Please note that changing the VDR MAC being used by existing transport nodes will most likely cause traffic disruption and network outage! | [optional] [default to False]
**l3_forwarding_mode** | **str** | This setting does not restrict configuration as per other modes. But the forwarding will only work as per the mode set here. | [default to 'IPV4_ONLY']
**vdr_mac** | **str** | This is the global default MAC address for all VDRs in all transport nodes in a NSX system. When the property \&quot;allow_changing_vdr_mac_in_use\&quot; is false, it can not be changed if the current VDR MAC is being used by any transport node. A transport node uses this VDR MAC if any host switch in the node is in OVERLAY transport zone(s) but none of the transport zone(s) has \&quot;nested_nsx\&quot; property being true. | [optional] [default to '02:50:56:56:44:52']

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

